(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
I'm Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
-This is my little
brother, George.
-(SNORTS)
-This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
-(SNORTS)
-(ALL LAUGHING)
Peppa Pig! (SNORTS)
(PEPPA READS)
NARRATOR:
Peppa and her family
are watching television.
(BOTH GIGGLING)
TV ANNOUNCER: And now
a special message
from the Queen.
-The Queen! The Queen!
-(SNORTS)
(TRUMPET FANFARE ON TV)
NARRATOR:
This is the Queen.
-Hello to you all.
-Hello, Queen!
Today I have decided
to give an award
to the hardest working person
in the country.
I wonder who that will be?
It certainly
won't be you, darling.
The hardest working person
in the country is,
Miss Rabbit.
ALL: Ooh!
NARRATOR: Miss Rabbit
runs the ice cream stall,
the recycling center,
the library.
-(CHATTERING)
-Shh!
She drives the train,
the fire engine,
flies a rescue helicopter,
and works
the supermarket checkout.
(BEEPING)
Phew! What a long day.
All: Surprise!
Ahhh! What are you lot
doing here?
Miss Rabbit, I have
a very special letter for you.
Open it! (SNORTS)
"Miss Rabbit,
please come to my palace
"to get a medal
for all your hard work.
"Bring friends.
"All the best, the Queen."
ALL: Ooh!
NARRATOR:
Miss Rabbit has fainted.
I can't visit the Queen!
I've got too much work to do.
Relax. No one will be
working that day.
The Queen has made it a holiday.
ALL: Hooray!
-NARRATOR: It is the day
Miss Rabbit visits the Queen.
-(ALL GIGGLING)
Peppa and her friends
are going too.
♪ We're off to see the Queen ♪
♪ Eee-aye-addio ♪
-(ALL GIGGLE)
-MISS RABBIT: Here we are.
NARRATOR:
This is the Queen's palace.
Hello? Is anybody there?
Look at all that fancy stuff.
Don't touch anything.
Oops!
What a big house.
Lots of room for a queen
to kick a ball about.
Where is the Queen?
Queen! Queen! Where are you?
Hello. Have you seen
the Queen today?
She's an old lady
with a crown on her head.
I am the Queen!
NARRATOR: Miss Rabbit
has fainted again.
Hello, Mrs. Queen.
(BLEATS) Why aren't you
wearing a crown?
I don't wear it much
because it's very heavy.
Are you the boss
of all the world?
Not quite.
Do you tell people what to do?
Sometimes.
Can you make teachers disappear?
Oh, so many questions!
The children are very excited
to meet you, Your Majesty.
I'm excited to meet all of you.
And now for Miss Rabbit's medal.
KIDS: Ooh!
This is
the Queen's Award for Industry.
-Thank you.
-Keep up the good work!
Three cheers for Miss Rabbit.
-Hip, hip...
-KIDS: Hooray!
-Hip, hip, hip...
(KIDS GIGGLING)
Now for the party.
To the garden!
You've got a lovely big garden,
Your Majesty.
Do you play in it all the time?
I don't have much time
for playing, no.
That's sad.
Oh, dear! A muddy puddle.
Never mind,
we can walk around it.
You can't walk around
a muddle puddle.
No?
No. You have to jump in it!
(GIGGLES)
Oh, I say! That does look fun.
Here one goes, then.
Stop!
ALL: Huh?
If you jump in muddy puddles,
you must wear your boots!
Your Majesty.
NARRATOR: Oh, dear. The Queen
is not wearing her boots.
- Whee!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
NARRATOR: The Queen
loves jumping up and down
in muddy puddles.
Everyone loves jumping up
and down in muddy puddles!
(ALL LAUGHING)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are at Danny Dog's house.
Captain Dog
is telling stories of
when he was a sailor.
I sailed
all around the world.
-And then I came home again.
-ALL: Ooh!
But now I'm back for good.
I'll never
get on a boat again.
Daddy, do you miss the sea?
-Well... Sometimes.
-(DOORBELL DINGS)
It is Grandad Dog,
Grandpa Pig and
Grampy Rabbit.
-Hello.
-Can Captain Dog
come out to play?
-What?
-We are going
on a fishing trip.
-On a boat.
-On the sea.
Okay, let's go.
But, Daddy, you said
you'd never get
on a boat again.
Oh... Yes. So I did.
-ALL: OK. Bye-bye.
-Bye.
Well, there they go.
Off. On a boat. Without me.
What are you
going to do now, Daddy?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe I'll clean
the seaweed off the house.
You don't get seaweeds
on houses.
No, of course not.
-We'll take my boat.
-(CLATTERING)
Are you sure
your boat's safe,
Grampy Rabbit?
Oh, of course it's safe.
I built it myself.
We don't need that bit.
Off we go.
I love going fishing.
-Me too.
-And what do you need
for a fishing trip?
-Fishing rods?
-No.
The picnic basket.
It's very good of you
to steer the boat,
Grampy Rabbit.
But I'm not steering the boat.
I thought somebody else was.
NARRATOR: Oh, dear.
No-one is steering the boat.
-We're lost at sea.
-And look.
Grampy Rabbit's boat
is sinking.
Don't panic!
I've been in worse situations
than this.
-Really?
-No.
This is the worst.
(ALL PUFF AND PANT)
We're saved!
But we're stuck
on a desert island.
With just the sea
and the sky for company.
And we haven't got any food.
Ooh, I've got a chocolate bar.
Good. We should save
the chocolate in case
we get hungry later.
NARRATOR: Oh, dear.
Grampy Rabbit has eaten
all the food.
What a terrible place
to be stuck.
Is anyone else missing cheese?
We've only been here
five minutes, Grampy Rabbit.
I'm going to put a mark
in the sand for every time
I think about cheese.
We need to call for help.
Call for help.
What an excellent idea.
(SHOUTING)
He-e-e-e-e-e-e...
NARRATOR: Grampy Rabbit
is very good at shouting.
..e-e-e-e-e-e-e-lp!
-What was that?
-That was the call
of the sea.
-Someone is in trouble.
-What can we do?
We'll rescue them.
We can use Grandad Dog's boat.
Wait a minute. I said
I'd never get on a boat again.
But, Daddy,
they need rescuing.
You're right. Just this once
I shall sail again.
-Lifejackets on.
-ALL: Aye aye, Captain Dog.
Full sail.
All our food is gone.
There's nothing left to eat.
There must be something to eat.
Ahoy there!
ALL: Hooray! We're saved.
NARRATOR: Captain Dog
has rescued the grandads.
Land ahoy.
Everyone off the boat.
Farewell, everybody.
See you in a few weeks.
Daddy, where are you going?
Me? I was just...
Thinking of sailing
around the world again.
But, Daddy, you're not
a sailor any more.
No, of course not.
Leave the sailing to us,
Captain Dog.
Yes, and when
they get lost again
you can rescue them.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and George
are visiting Granny
and Grandpa's house.
Peppa is watching Granny Pig
at her dressing table.
You smell nice, Granny.
Thank you, Peppa.
It's my perfume de lavender.
(SNIFFS) It smells
like your garden.
That's because perfume
is made of flowers.
Hm. Granny, I've got
a very good idea.
-Really?
-Yes.
First I need some water.
-Here's your water.
-Right.
Now I'm going to put flowers
in it and make perfume.
That's nice, dear,
but only pick flowers
from the grass
-not from the flowerbed.
Okay?
-Okay.
(GIGGLING)
Hello, flowers. Who wants
to be in my perfume?
I'm going to put you
in my beaker of water.
Hello, butterfly.
I'm making perfume.
It's going to be
the prettiest,
smelliest perfume ever.
(SNIFFS) Lovely.
NARRATOR: Here is George.
Stand back, George.
I'm making perfume.
-Do you want to watch?
-(SNORTS)
First, I pick a smelly flower.
(SNIFFS) Very flowery.
Then I put it in my beaker.
No, George.
You can't put grass
in my perfume.
It needs to smell of flowers.
-Smell.
-(SNIFFS) Yuck.
NARRATOR: George does not like
smelly flowers.
Grandpa Pig
is in his herb garden.
Grandpa, Grandpa.
-Smell this.
-(SNIFFS)
Pooey.
It smells like pond water.
It's my special perfume.
I made it with flowers
from the garden.
(SNIFFS) Oh, yes.
It's the most beautiful
perfume in the world.
-Yes.
-Do you like it, George?
-No.
-George doesn't like
the smell of flowers.
Take this bucket, George.
You can make perfume
out of something else.
I have got lots
of lovely smelly things
in my herb garden.
This is rosemary.
I like to use it
in my cooking.
(SNIFFS) Hmm.
It smells interesting.
(SNIFFS AND COUGHS)
This is mint.
(SNIFFS) Ooh,
that smells very minty.
(SNIFFS) Yeuch.
And this is lavender.
(SNIFFS) Ooh,
that smells
like Granny Pig's perfume.
(SNIFFS) Wow.
That's a strong smell
of lavender.
Ah, Granny Pig,
-you smell nice.
-Thank you, Grandpa Pig.
Granny, Granny, smell this.
(SNIFFS AND COUGHS)
What is it?
It's my perfume.
Oh, yes, it's lovely.
Has George made
some perfume too?
No, Granny. He doesn't like the
smell of anything.
There must be something
you like the smell of.
(SNORTS)
NARRATOR: George has found
a muddy puddle.
Hee, hee, hee! (SNORTS)
Ah, George.
What have you got there?
Have you made some perfume?
(SNIFFS) Actually,
that smells quite nice.
(SNIFFS) It smells lovely.
(SNIFFS) I say.
That is delightful.
-What did you
put in it, George?
-(SNORTS)
George's perfume is made
out of muddy puddle.
(ALL SNIFF) Aaahh!
Perfume de muddy puddle.
Whee!
(SNORTS) Granny Pig,
you smell even nicer
than you did before.
Yes. You should use
perfume de muddy puddle
more often.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(PEPPA READING)
NARRATOR: Peppa and her
friends are at play group.
Mr. Bull is checking
the school roof.
Moo!
Who put this roof on for you?
Uh, you did, Mr. Bull.
Lovely job. It will last you
a lifetime.
But it is leaking water.
Look, it is going
drippety drip.
-(SNIFFS)
You need a new roof.
-Oh, dear.
Where are we going
to get the money for
a new school roof?
Woof! We can do
a school fete to get the money.
Good idea, Danny.
But who would run it?
(SNORTS) We can!
Yes! The children can do it.
(BLEATS) I can do
the face painting.
I can do the microphone.
(BARKS) We can have
a Mummies and Daddies race.
And I could sell balloons.
Yes! We will have
a children's fete.
ALL: Hooray!
NARRATOR: It is the day
of the children's fete.
-All the grown-ups are here.
-Hello, grown-ups.
NARRATOR: Danny Dog is
in charge of the microphone.
Get your money out
for the new school roof.
Emily Elephant is in charge
of the brick-a-brack stall.
Roll up, roll up,
all sorts of bits and bobs.
What a lot of
brick-a-brack, Emily.
You will be busy
all day selling it.
NARRATOR: Here is Mr. Fox.
Mmm. This all looks
very interesting.
Balloons! Lovely balloons.
Would you like a balloon,
Madame Gazelle?
May I have a red one?
How much is it?
How much have you got?
Oh, of course,
we are raising money
for the school roof.
Look, Madame Gazelle,
I've got rid of everything.
Wonderful, Emily.
How much money
have you raised?
Money? Did you not
get some money
for the bits and bobs?
I didn't need to.
Mr. Fox took it away
for nothing.
(BLEATS) Get your face
painted here!
NARRATOR: Suzy Sheep is
in charge of the face
painting stall.
Hello, Suzy. Can I be
a mountain leopard, please?
No. I can only do fruit.
-OK. Can I be...
-A plum!
-There.
-(APPLAUSE)
NARRATOR: Peppa is in charge
of the lucky dip.
Roll up, roll up
for your lucky dip.
Moo. Hello, Peppa.
Hello, Mr. Bull.
You've got a green face.
(SNIFFS) I'm an apple.
Ooh. Would you like to
try the lucky dip?
OK. What do I do?
Just pull a prize
out of the barrel.
Everyone a winner.
NARRATOR: Mr. Bull has
won a dolly.
(MEOWS) Can I have a go?
-NARRATOR: Mrs. Cat
has won a digger.
-Oh.
-Do you want to swap?
-BOTH: No, thank you.
NARRATOR: Mr. Bull
and Mrs. Cat like
their lucky dip prizes.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Roll up, roll up.
NARRATOR: Freddy Fox
is in charge of the Mummies
and Daddies race.
Thank you.
It's all to raise money
for a new school roof.
-I'm quite good at running.
-(GIGGLING)
-It's not running, Daddy.
It's a sack race.
-Oh.
You have to get in the bag
and jump over there.
(SNORTS)
As fast as you can.
-Right.
-On your marks, get set, go!
(ALL GROAN)
-And they've fallen down.
-ALL: Oh!
-And they're back up again.
-ALL: Hooray!
PEPPA: Come on, Daddy!
Keep going, Daddy!
(GROANING)
And my mummy is the winner.
(BARKS)
ALL: Hooray! (GIGGLING)
That was fun, wasn't it?
ALL: (WEAKLY) Yes.
Lots of fun.
But really, we must
thank the children
for all their hard work.
ALL: Thank you, children.
And we have raised
enough money to buy
a new school roof again.
-ALL: Hooray!
-(LAUGHTER)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Peppa Pig ♪
(SNORTING AND GIGGLING)
(SNORTING AND LAUGHING)